Ever since I was young I've displayed a certain penchant for extra-curricular projects whether it be sports or performing arts. But even more than that, to me science was always a source of curiosity and imagination, which further developed into an interest in the field of professional science. Also, being a scholarly student, I had at my disposal the aptitude to cultivate this passion. ojfhsafohasojd hfojash ;lja hj;lokah;lah ;l ah;olksah  ;okladfh;gah ; gfh'ohgazoj hgo'iq08w uo'w	ty= 08hhjtg yavchds5rc bjx sodckw0

But alas, fate had a different story written for me. Despite my efforts, I was unable to clear the required minimum to get in the top tier institutions. Yet, instead of giving up I chose to take it in stride and thus sat down to evaluate all my available options. My teachers recommended a college close to me, and it's here where destiny introduced me to something which bolstered my hopes again ....an opportunity to study in Canada.
I had explored the option of studying abroad as I have had an interest in traveling ever since my parents took me to Thailand. Getting a glimpse into a world unlike the one you've been living in is an invigorating experience and I wanted to go on more of such expeditions. But the cost alone was something my parents would have had a hard time dealing with. Plus, having a younger sibling meant my parents also had to plan his future education plans alongside me. So, when I was introduced to the idea of studying abroad at my university orientation, it wasn't anything new to me. Yet, when the International Office Incharge told us about the Articulation program my curiosity was piqued. The program was defined as having to study two years in my country, and then transferring the credits of those two years, and continuing the study in an institution abroad. Now, I had a shot at studying abroad and saving money in the process.

Choosing Canada as the country to transfer to was a conclusion I came to due to multiple reasons. Firstly, I had an uncle who had recently become a citizen of Canada and so I had someone to depend on when reaching the country for the first time. Secondly, Canada has been at the forefront of Artificial Intelligence research which is a field of particular interest to me. And finally, I've always been an aficionado for scenic countries and landscapes and Canada is one of the most gifted countries as far as natural features and sceneries go. So, it was an informed decision to pick Canada as the country of choice followed by picking Vancouver Island University as the institution to transfer to.
Besides just academic achievements they were accepting of extra-curricular achievements, which meant I could participate in all the creative activities I had previously dropped. So, I began recultivating my interests, starting with football. Having played it for my school, I had been a bit upset about letting it go, thus I took part in any football competitions that came up in my college. Another interest that was rekindled was my love for foreign languages when I got an opportunity to study Spanish by a native speaker at my institution. Foreign languages have always been an interest of mine, ever since I picked up French in my school, even though I wasn't an ace at it, just the process of studying and the dreams, of interacting with people using another language unlike my mother tongue was something I really wanted to explore. A significant part of interests that involved the performing arts was followed more covertly, which included Music and Dance. Even though I had been part of multiple dance competitions in my school, I wasn't confident enough in it anymore. Furthermore, the last time I had performed was in 9th grade and the last time I won a prize at inter-school competitions was in seventh grade where we got 2nd position at a Fusion dance event held at Manav Rachna International School, so I chose to drop it. Unlike dance, singing was an endeavor I have pursued a little more, mostly comprised of singing with friends using karaoke apps. So, I have a diverse foray to prevent Jack from being a dull boy. These experiences helped me accumulate skills that may or may not help me in my professional career, that remains to be seen.

The journey has just begun though and getting an opportunity to study in Canada would be an ideal step up on the metaphorical rung of the ladder of my education. Currently, I've headed the right way as far as education goes, but I could use the appropriate guidance required to land my dream job, which is where graduating from VIU in Canada would be the most optimal. An overseas degree coupled with the experience of an international workplace would help me acquiring practical skills resulting in me being able to land my desired job at an organization preferred by me. 